{% comment %}
Don't edit this file directly! It was automatically generated by scripts/document-checks.js.
{% endcomment %}

### Discourse

* **API Key**: Verifies that Discourse is functional and the API key is valid.
* **Connect Settings**: Group of checks to verify Discourse Connect related settings.
    * **enable_discourse_connect**: Verifies that Discourse Connect is enabled, which is required for DoG to serve as the SSO provider.
    * **discourse_connect_url**: Verifies that the Discourse Connect URL points to DoG. Incorrectly configuring this will cause DoG to not handle auth for Discourse.
    * **discourse_connect_secret**: Verifies that the Discourse Connect secret matches the DoG configured secret
* **General Settings**
    * **auth_overrides_name**: Verifies that Discourse is configured to only use the Member's name from Ghost. This is optional, but recommended so you can have a single source of truth.
    * **auth_overrides_email**: Verifies that Discourse is configured to only use the Member's email from Ghost. This is optional, but recommended so you can have a single source of truth.
    * **discourse_connect_overrides_avatar**: Verifies that Discourse is configured to only use the Member's avatar from Ghost. This is optional, but recommended so you can have a single source of truth.`

### Ghost

* **API Key**: Verifies that Discourse Connect is enabled, which is required for DoG to serve as the SSO provider.
* **SSO Page**: For session auth, verifies that the SSO page is exists and is accessible.

